Who yells so loudly and dares to coax Lao Tzu's woman?
Dear
It's finally here.
Let me tell you something.
Here are a few eyeless things
Not only don't take you seriously
I don't even care about Huaxin International
Xiurou, don't go too far
I'm too much
Aren't you arrogant?
Forget it, you dare to move my woman
He insulted people first
Stop talking nonsense and apologize to Xiao Luo quickly
You are from Huaxin International
How could Huaxin International have a scum like you?
Lawlessness, right?
I'm lawless
Where are you going?
I'm from the PR department
And you shit
Oh, Qingyuan Technology still wants to cooperate with us.
Why don't you two kneel down
I am happy
Well, I'll think about it.
The person who knows the current affairs is Junjie
What if I were you?
So I fell to my knees.
Don't kneel yet
Yuan Zhou, right?
You're a little PR manager
What qualifications do you have to cooperate with the company?
Just because my backstage is
Mr. Yang, is that true, dear?
I have also heard of this Mr. Yang
I heard that the background is not small
It seems to be the secretary general of the Huaqing Chamber of Commerce
If you really have that ability
Give you a chance to call Ma On Shan over and show me